fix: ensure `console.log()`s during startup are displayed (#4235)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/serious-beans-trade.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

fix: ensure `console.log()`s during startup are displayed

> Previously, whenever Wrangler connected to the V8 inspector, it would clear V8's
> internal buffer of log messages. This ensured only messages logged while the
> inspector was connected would be displayed. Unfortunately, we only connect to
> the inspector once the Worker has reported it's ready to receive connections.
> This meant any `console.log()`s during Worker startup wouldn't be displayed.
> 
> This change switches to clearing V8's buffer whenever we _disconnect_ from the
> inspector instead, ensuring startup logs are shown. In particular, this should
> [fix Remix's HMR](https://github.com/remix-run/remix/issues/7616), which relies
> on startup logs to know when the Worker is ready.

Reviewer: I wonder if this is too implementation specific.

```suggestion
Previously, when a worker reloaded, Wrangler would clear the logs. This happened when the next version of the worker was ready, after it had started up, also clearing any logs during startup.

Now, Wrangler clears the logs when the previous version of the worker shuts down.

In particular, this should
[fix Remix's HMR](https://github.com/remix-run/remix/issues/7616), which relies
on startup logs to know when the Worker is ready.
```
